Improve LimitRange documentation (#46950)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range.md

A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be schedulable.

### Create a namespace

> Create a namespace so that the resources you create in this exercise are

Reviewer: Since this is a concept page, would prefer to have mention namespace in the manifest file.

Reviewer: We can have other task / tutorial page where we can create a particular namespace and create LimitRange object.

Author: Done! PTAL

isolated from the rest of your cluster.

```shell

> kubectl create namespace limitrange-example

Reviewer: Use namespace name like - production/prod or development/dev.

```

For example, you define a `LimitRange` with this manifest:

{{% code_sample file="concepts/policy/limit-range/problematic-limit-range.yaml" %}}

Create the LimitRange in the limitrange-example namespace:

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/website/main/content/en/examples/concepts/policy/limit-range/problematic-limit-range.yaml --namespace=limitrange-example
```

> 

Reviewer: Trunate this extra space.

> Along with a Pod that declares a CPU resource request of `700m`, but not a limit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with a Pod that declares a CPU resource request of `700m`, but not a limit:
```
seems like a continuation of previous sentence so keep the `a`

> A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be schedulable.

Reviewer 2: This change doesn't align with the PR description, @T-Lakshmi.

It's OK to not make suggestions where those suggestions would leave the code changes out of step with the PR description.

> A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be schedulable.

Reviewer 3: Noted @sftim.

> A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be schedulable.

Reviewer 3: @subhals,
This suggestion is entirely optional as it is out of scope as per the PR description.
However, you are free to make changes so that it more closely matches with the PR recent title update.

For example, you define a `LimitRange` with this manifest:

> {{< warning >}}

Reviewer 3: OK, Agree with you @sftim.

In that case, replacing `warning` with a `Note` instruction would be more appropriate.
WDYT? @sftim @subhals @tengqm.

> {{< warning >}}

Reviewer 2: I'd use `note`

> The following examples operate within the default namespace, as the namespace parameter is undefined. This implies that any references or operations within these examples will interact with elements within the default namespace unless otherwise specified.{{< /warning >}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following examples operate within the default namespace of your cluster, as the namespace
parameter is undefined and the `LimitRange` scope is limited to the namespace level.
This implies that any references or operations within these examples will interact with elements
within the default namespace of your cluster. You can override the operating namespace
by configuring namespace in the `metadata.namespace` field.
{{< /warning >}}
```
Do you agree with these?

Reviewer 2: OK, but we'd write LimitRange without backticks.

{{% code_sample file="concepts/policy/limit-range/example-no-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu.yaml" %}}

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/website/main/content/en/examples/concepts/policy/limit-range/example-no-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu.yaml --namespace=limitrange-example
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove the extra spaces.
